Add in documentation for Okta access list synchronization. (#38355)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access/okta/sync-scim.mdx

On the whole, it doesn't matter to the wider Teleport system which method was
used to import a user as both processes create identical resources inside
Teleport.

> To compliment user provisioning, Okta is also able to model Okta permissions as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To complement user provisioning, Okta is also able to model Okta permissions as
```

Wrong complement. To compliment is to say something nice about.

Be sure to either deactivate the user, or unassign them from the Okta SAML
Application in order to make sure their status is updated in Teleport.
</Admonition>

## Access Lists

### Modeling Okta permissions within Teleport

> Okta has its own permissions system that doesn't necessarily map cleanly into Teleport. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta has its own permissions system that doesn't map cleanly into Teleport. This
```

I don't know that the extra word helps here.

includes permissions granted by Okta groups along with the assignment of users to individual
applications within Okta. To model this within Teleport, an administrator would typically need
to carefully craft a labeling system to attach to various Okta apps and groups and a set of
roles to go along with them.

> With the new Access List Synchronization feature in the Okta service, this work is performed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new Access List synchronization feature in the Okta service, this work is performed
```

for you. We'll discuss the details of how this works.

### Synchronizing Access Lists from Okta groups and applications

> The Okta Access List Synchronizer will look for any Okta group with members or any Okta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta Access List synchronizer will look for any Okta group with members or any Okta
```

application with individual assignments that matches configurable filters that you can
optionally supply. Access lists will not be created for groups or applications without
any assignments.

The synchronizer will create the following resources for each matched group or application:

- A role for members that grants access to the group/application.
- A role for owners that grants the ability to review access to the group/application.
- An Access List representing membership to the group/application.
- Members for the Access List.

> It should be noted that the Access List sync waits until the regular group and application
> sync finishes, so it may not start synchronizing immediately on startup.

Reviewer 2: do you mean:

```suggestion
It should be noted that the Access List sync waits until the Okta groups and Okta applications
has finished syncing as Teleport resources, so it may not start synchronizing immediately on startup.
```

#### Deletion of Access Lists

> Okta synchronized Access Lists will be deleted when there are no members assigned to them in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access Lists synchronized from Okta will automatically be deleted when there are no members assigned to them in
```

Okta or when they are deleted in Okta.

<Admonition type="warning">
It is possible for an administrator to delete Access Lists, but this should only be done once
the Okta integration has been removed and Access List synchronization is disabled. This could
remove all users from the Okta group or application that's being targeted!
</Admonition>

### Working with synchronized Access Lists

When first synchronizing an Access List, the owners of the Access List will be set to the default owners configured during the initial Okta integration enrollment, and the initial review date
will be set 6 months from the configured date. These fields are modifiable, as well as the owner and
membership requirements. However, you will not be able to change grants, as these belong to
the Okta Access List synchronizer.

The owners of an Okta synchronized Access List will be preserved between runs.

<Admonition type="warning">

> Removing members from an Okta synchronzied Access List will remove the user from the Okta group

Reviewer 2: this also sounds like it would be good to add a confirmation dialog when deleting members from okta lists right?

Author: Hrm, I'm not sure. I get it on one hand, but on the other it could be frustrating if you had to work with a lot of users.

Be sure to either deactivate the user, or unassign them from the Okta SAML
Application in order to make sure their status is updated in Teleport.
</Admonition>

## Access Lists

### Modeling Okta permissions within Teleport

Okta has its own permissions system that doesn't necessarily map cleanly into Teleport. This

> incldues permissions granted by Okta groups along with the assignment of users to individual

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
includes permissions granted by Okta groups along with the assignment of users to individual
```

> applications within Okta. To model this within Teleport an administrator would typically need

Reviewer 2: i'm not good at grammar, but a comma sounded right
```suggestion
applications within Okta. To model this within Teleport, an administrator would typically need
```

optionally supply. Access lists will not be created for groups or applications without
any assignments.

The synchronizer will create the following resources for each matched group or application:

- A role for members that grants access to the group/application.
- A role for owners that grants the ability to review access to the group/application.
- An Access List representing membership to the group/application.
- Members for the Access List.

It should be noted that the Access List sync waits until the regular group and application
sync finishes, so it may not start synchronizing immediately on startup.

#### Deletion of Access Lists

Okta synchronized Access Lists will be deleted when there are no members assigned to them in
Okta or when they are deleted in Okta.

<Admonition type="warning">
It is possible for an administrator to delete Access Lists, but this should only be done once
the Okta integration has been removed and Access List synchronization is disabled. This could
remove all users from the Okta group or application that's being targeted!
</Admonition>

### Working with synchronized Access Lists

> ![A Synchronized Okta Access List](../../../img/application-access/okta/okta-access-list.png)

Reviewer 2: i get a broken image 
<img width="490" alt="image" src="https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/assets/43280172/c0c8e485-d920-4fe1-83ee-395e32501cc9">

Author: Forgot to update this link, thank you!

> When first synchronizing an Access List, the owners for the Access List will be set as the
> default owners configured during initial Okta integration enrollment, and the initial review date

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When first synchronizing an Access List, the owners of the Access List will be set to the owners configured during the initial Okta integration enrollment, and the initial review date
```

> set 6 months from the current date. These fields are modifiable, as well as the owner and

Reviewer 2: i'm not sure i undrestood `the owners of each Access List will be assigned default owners
that are configured when setting up the Okta integration`, did you mean like default grants?

Author: I'll reword this, but basically on initial import, the "owners" of the access list are the configured defaults.

Author: Just reworded this. Let me know what you think.

> will be set 6 months from the current date. These fields are modifiable, as well as the owner and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will be set 6 months from the configured date. These fields are modifiable, as well as the owner and
```

membership requirements. However, you will not be able to change grants, as these belong to
the Okta access list synchronizer.

> The owners of an Okta synchronized access list will be preserved between runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The owners of an Okta synchronized Access List will be preserved between runs.
```

<Admonition type="warning">

> Removing members from an Okta synchronzied access list will remove the user from the Okta group

Reviewer 2: we cap it elsewhere 
```suggestion
Removing members from an Okta synchronzied Access List will remove the user from the Okta group
```
